welcome to the lane stretches
remember that both of the lane is for
share with the three best
champions to go in single club
solo qualifiers there will be a
champion chosen by the subscribers the
which is decided by a vote in
facebook and on twitter
This vote was initiated when a
new patch and some have
rpp draw or some video game
we started a top and the first low of
this smoke patch there is someone who should leave
his third place for rallies this leaves
a second free position and second place
would be busy if now
he wants he has put the batteries and returns
to this podium again he is a champion
keep in mind when going alone
on the other hand bukom remains as the
master of the lane in top ride is also
maintains as the champion of
subscribers ok now we move to the
jungle where he looked where he abandons that
third place and yield to word
week a friendlier champion at the time
of making jungle hamburg stays in
the second place and branches continues as the
master of the lane in jungle leasing also
he remains as the champion of
subscribers
now we pass on to those of the changes not
they have allowed themselves to see everything remains the same
Katharina is still the master of the lane
in mid although the lower leagues ar and
I could observe the first place you
what the sub-sectors say
have decided to change yasuo as the
champion of the subscribers and now the
new champion of the subscribers is
eric this the truth is a surprise
I expected to see yasuo but I think the
subscribers have been able to see teach in
youtube I'm glad it's the turn of the
stands here yes we have had
changes the first change is for lion to
who to leave the third place and
leave for area are currently being
pretty strong if they have the opportunity
to choose area do it and nobody
leave second place and now what
would take morgan to fault finally morgana
is degraded from office and his reign as
master of the lane has finished the new
lane model for support is jana jean
in these moments it provides much more
utility and more when in the team
enemy this grass or leasing
on the other hand lion to abandon his
put as the champion of
subscribers why
morgana is the new champion of
subscribers and finally the ads
probably this part is the subject of
discussion in the comments we'll see
to make things easier and for
the nerves in this patch we're going to
erase everything to the fuck all of the
podium and since it's clean we started
by the beginning the third place is
for tristan to if it's dreaming took away the
crown the second place is for york and
obviously he took advantage of the blacks and
finally the new master of the lane for
Make your bets make the bets
desire
to see if Latinas the new rail
to say it's hicks after the nerds
Lucian and tristana yq has become
extremely strong compared to
how is it because right now some others
ads were also increased in the
list but these are pretty
balanced for the moment the champion
of the subscribers has also changed
so he tristana must leave
and the new champion of the destroyers
is advertised here and if they have
disappointed a bit I think not
they knew how to see is to generate faith in light
that although it is not very big changes its
performance these have been the masters of
lane you have to remember that this top of
champions is to play in solo q
solo qualifiers this is not
a viable composition to play as
team is likely to change your top
little by the patches that stripes could
be however in the next chapter
we will be up to date luck and until the
next
chao chao